every so often players come across a
discovery in the videogame that clearly
no one was ever meant to find even at
times create an enormous ly embarrassing
situation for the developer in the
aftermath of the discovery this is why
today we're diving into the top 10
craziest discoveries and video games
that no player was ever intended to find
part three brought to you by - lane
atlas earlier this year Studio wildcard
launched their massive multiplayer game
Atlas their hugely hyped second game
following their highly popular
prehistoric adventure Ark survival
evolved wild card boasted Atlas as the
next big step for the studio touting
epic sea warfare and rigorous
first-person combat against dark each
one enemies in a vast environment that
could hold 40,000 players at once and
this is what they actually got one hour
to do what tough it's pretty rough dude
Atlas was so not what players were
promised that the community joked that
for Atlas studio wildcard must have just
rescanned and copy and pasted over their
original game Ark survival evolved which
hit a little too close to home and
streamer maka noticed that there was an
invisible fourth option hovering at the
bottom of atlases paws menu which one
selected revealed the settings menu for
the original Ark survival vault beer
playing onyx while evolved this
discovery quickly imploded the Atlas
player community who felt promised a
fully fledged next-level experience from
Studio wildcard and we're instead given
a quick mod of an already three year old
games what's going on how do you like
this game so far however a wild card
really began to live up to its name
weeks later when a number of strange
discoveries began to show up all across
the game's environment beginning when
twitch streamer Burke Black was suddenly
bombarded by eight killer whales at the
same time what does
well which quickly became much more
disconcerting when a random World War
two plane came crashing out of the sky
hell was that
leaving Berk black in total silence oh
where meanwhile atlases subreddit
suddenly flooded with players fighting
World War two vehicles all across the
game world with many strange AI
behaviors that outright confuse players
in response studio wildcard claim the
world war two vehicles were not the
result of the hacker a game modest
player suspecting and were instead the
result of somebody getting into one of
the game's administrative accounts and
spawning the ready-made game assets in
because of course there would be
ready-made World War 2 vehicles in a
game about being a pirate all I'm saying
is don't be surprised if the studio wild
card World War 2 game comes out next
year and we find out it has another
hidden Ark menu inside of it you know
playing onyx 2 while evolved Super Smash
Brothers Brawl a purple dragon came to
me with a discovery on my discord server
explaining that they wanted to memorize
all the costumes of each character and
Smash Brothers Brawl and decided that an
easy way to do so would be to go through
all the files of all the characters in
the game when they noticed something
that struck them as odd on Princess
Peach's model apparently one of the
textures for peaches Golf Club and the
files is actually a pixelated ar-15 of
course I had to check this out for
myself
I downloaded peaches model file from
smash off of the models resource and
sure enough there it was right in front
of my face under the file
apply peach k5 golf s well I guess it's
true what they say don't mess with the
princess unless you want to get pressed
to the chest with an ar-15 I'm not sure
why peach ever need in Mario's help if
she was packing that kind of heat this
whole time
hallo - thanks to my friend and youtuber
game cheat 13 for sharing this discovery
with me and my discourse server game
cheap their team found that by modding
halo 2's data he could reinstate a cut
sprint ability that was originally
supposed to be in the game a feature
that didn't actually appear in the
series until four games later well given
the cuts printability ago of every
weapon in the game he came across
something never meant to be found when
he used the cut ability with two dual
wielded smg's nice
well the discovery was likely intended
as a joke amongst Bungie the whole thing
shows once again that Bungie has always
been on the cutting edge as sprinting
didn't become a staple in first-person
shooters until way after halo 2's
release and the ability to give the bird
during gameplay is essentially the
precursor to the fortnight emote true
genius when you think about it that way
[Music]
oculus in April of this year
Facebook's headed VR product-development
issued an apology on Twitter after being
brought to the attention of several
disturbing hidden messages that were
printed on the innards of tens of
thousands of oculus controllers that
actually made their way into retail
messages included this space for rent
the Masons were here and big brother is
watching a reference to George Orwell's
dystopian over surveillance novel 1984
as well as a rather bold reference to
Facebook's own controversial practices
concerning the handling of accusers data
would you be comfortable sharing with us
the name of the hotel you stayed in last
night
although Mitchell claims to joke
occurred somewhere in the assembly as a
process error it's definitely not
reassuring to know that Facebook is
being so call us about poking fun at the
expense of its users privacy well it
gives me enough reason to go ahead and
delete Facebook Final Fantasy 15 while I
previously discussed Final Fantasy 15
players finding a way to glance at some
unintended fan service data miners were
also in for a surprise when they went
through all the character models in the
game and found two mysterious highly
detailed new models that couldn't be
found anywhere else in the game the
first one belonged to GaN Tiana which if
I had to guess is only here as the
result of some really lonely late nights
in the developer office however things
take a shift when look at the second
highly detailed nude model which belongs
to the rain damn much more mature
non-player character camellia clostre I
know you probably won't want to see that
sorry why of all the Final Fantasy 15
characters in the game was camellia one
of two characters found in this fully
detailed nude state left the Final
Fantasy 15 community questioning what
the models purpose is even worse perhaps
even suggesting an Easter Egg that's
never been found to this day
unfortunately I don't think that's an
Easter Egg anyone super eager to find
Shin Megami Tensei thanks to Casey the
sage for also sharing this very odd
discovery with me on my disk or server
Shin Megami Tensei is the extensive
three decade old international RPG
franchise more popularly known for its
personna sub series this vine takes us
all the way back to the very first game
on the Super Nintendo where Dino miners
found in the game files these especially
disturbing sprites of Mickey Mouse and
Donald Duck that don't appear anywhere
else in the game fortunately it's pretty
easy to piece together this time why
these horrifying versions of Mickey and
Donald are here and why they were
removed exclusive to the PC engine build
of the game players can enter Tokyo
destiny land an obvious parody of Tokyo
Disney World
and come across two enemies only on the
pc engine version which are clearly much
more ambiguous designs of the original
bloodcurdling Mickey and Donald
considering no one's had more influence
over copyright law than Disney in the
last
100 years strictly over the copyright
protection of the mouse alone it's
pretty clear why the developers didn't
want anyone to find these disturbing
designs but Mickey's copyright is due up
in five years
so unless Disney manages to somehow
intervene again with the copyright law
looks like Atlas will finally have the
chance to make their own twisted version
of Kingdom Hearts here soon
fallout 76 previously I discussed how
players found access to the developer
room of fallout 76 and received instant
bans that sparked a backlash in the 76
community not like it was the first well
shortly after a few months ago
redditor mix taken found accessing the
still unreleased clearly unfinished
vault 96 which he said he managed to
fall in as a complete accident right as
soon as an attempt to protect himself
against Bethesda's heavy handed ban
hammer inside he found an environment
with some things clearly never meant to
be found with terminals featuring unused
developer text including flavor text to
be written and nice work [__]
damn is this help if that's the
communicates to each other no wonder 76
is such a mess homefront the revolution
in 2016 s homefront the revolution in
the restricted zone area of the game
players found in arcade cabinet at the
top of the map that featured two levels
from the original timesplitters 2 while
players thought this was a pretty nifty
easter egg data miners uncovered a much
more unusual mystery regarding the
inclusion of the two levels as they were
able to find the entirety of times
players - in the dative homefront
revolution with every single asset of
the game completely remastered from the
ground up all just sitting right there
unused on the disk of homefront no HD
remaster announcement of x flares has
ever surfaced to this day and curiously
similar remastered files could be found
in homefront relating to the game's
future perfect in second sight
ironically in 2018 homefront publisher
Deep Silver and now C acquired the
rights to the time splitter series so we
know if they announce another time
splurge HD remaster we might just have
another Atlas situation all over again
The Walking Dead
on day 1 of season 2 episode 5 launched
The Walking Dead player community was
shocked and confused when ps3 owners had
discovered a third option during the
scene that couldn't be executed on any
other platform in which Clementine could
shoot Mike Wow that looked great why
this hidden execution was an exclusive
feature to the ps3 was a mystery until
the next day as the discovery was
immediately patched out of the game by a
developer implying that the sequence was
never meant to be found in the first
place although why exactly the scene was
removed was never given an official
answer a simple explanation would be
that they decided that killing off Mike
was a bad idea at the last minute their
movie they just thought it looked dumb
as hell I believe it shadow the Tomb
Raider one week after the release of
Laura cross latest adventure shout out
of the Tomb Raider the user by the name
of tombstone posted a mystery on the
official tomb raider forums asking
nobody's brought up the letter Laura
gets from Nathalie yet would Natalie be
the villain in the next games maybe
given that NAT was the villain of the
first Tomb Raider and hadn't had a
reference for appearance on Laura Croft
game in a decade nobody had any clue
what the hell tombstone was talking
about and proceeded to lambast him as a
troll for several hours finally after
hours of endless roasting tombstone
re-emerged with a new video and a new
post stating I had to replay the whole
damn game again so I hope you cows call
me a troll and a liar eat some humble
crow pie in the link to some provided
they watched an alternate post-credits
sequence where indeed a switch moment in
the scene revealed Laura receiving a
letter from that law still not convinced
many players still believe that the
footage was fake were modded in some way
as there was no way nobody else had
found such a discovery up until this
point
it wasn't until developer iotus Montreal
came forward with a statement did those
dubious change their tone turned out the
ending was never meant to be found at
all as it was actually patched out the
game with the games day one patch and it
turns out tombstone only found the
ending himself because of problems
regarding his internet the official
explanation left the community
legitimately confused by the last-minute
omission of the sequence as well as
legitimately embarrassed by their own
treatment of tombstone after to Scott
turned out to be true after all well
matalas future in the Tomb Raider series
at this point isn't looking particularly
high tombstones Phaeton the Tomb Raider
forums was met with apology and preciate
at excavating shadow the tomb Raider's
most at lucid ending is definitely
discovery that would have made Lara
proud even though he only found it
because his internet just as none of
these developers everyone of any of
these discoveries to be found don't
forget that some pretty strange stuff
went down that lets like a whale
plummeting out of the sky and crushing a
random streamer ship all because
somebody managed to get into one of the
accounts over at Studio wildcard so far
it's made for an incredibly awkward
situation for the studio which may be
why you want to save yourself from the
same embarrassment with the extra level
of security that dashlane provides -
Lang can be your one-stop shop for your
digital identity by managing all your
passwords so that you don't have to dash
line works across all devices including
Apple products PCs Android Safari and
Chrome - Lane also has a secure autofill
feature that works for personal
information and credit cards saving you
time when shopping online the VPN to
prevent prying eyes from tracking and
helping you access content anywhere plus
dark web monitoring to see if your
information is being bought and sold
illegally - give it a try for free go to
- line.com slash odd header and use my
promo code odd header to get 10% off if
you want to upgrade to premium if you
enjoyed this video you'll want to see
more content like this please subscribe
and if you know of any other video game
discoveries or mysteries that shouldn't
have been found please submit in the
comments down below or submit two odd
header comm and in the comments please
leave the hash tag odd discoveries it
will make it a lot easier finding your
comment if you have something to share
definitely let me know any haunting
discoveries you may have for the
upcoming Halloween season this video is
especially dedicated to ban yell hope I
got your name correct channel 2
alexander knight acryl gamer mexicana
Burberry villa dandy veil Daniel Lopez
download system deep memory I fart in
elevators Igor dot h XC j day nelson job
nest dude
nick pestilence sleeper rage spot riley
s riverside renegade select
spencer I rule at games Gellar tower
Iser Danielle and Wade Murdock for their
patreon support stay tuned
Oh